AIRLINE PASSENGERS REFERRAL PREDICTION
Customers generally give ratings and reviews for different services that they get online or offline. These reviews and ratings aspects are effectively helpful to both the company and customers to receive feedback and make the right decisions, respectively. However, the number of reviews and ratings can increase exponentially, bringing a new challenge for the company to manage and track. Under these circumstances, it will also be hard for the customer to make the right decision. In this work, we summarize text reviews and ratings given by passengers for different airlines. The objective of this project is to predict whether the recommendation made by the customer is positive or negative. Nowadays ML models are being used in different areas because they are useful and the way ML works is like a function which best maps the input data to output. Machine learning models can produce prediction for  passenger referral  with high accuracy. this project is in a way to review different ML models for referral prediction like: multiple logistic regression, Kneighbour classifier, Decision tree classifier, SVC,GaussianNB. I Stored all the algorithm’s in a list and Iterate over the list. The classifier’s random_state was initialized with a seed so that the results are the same every time other parameters were default. the classifier was made to fit on the test & training data.The properties of the classifier , Name, timing & score for 
Training and testing set were stored in a dictionary variable as key-value pairs.
DecisionTreesClassifier  algorithm performs better than all other algorithm in terms of all metrics. 
Roc Accuracy Score-98%,Accuracy Score-94%
